homepage: audience callouts and flow cleanup (#411)
readthedocs/site-community: AGENTS.md

- CSS/JS files are built directly into `readthedocs_theme/static/`.
- We use `prettier` for automatic formatting of CSS and JS files.

### Semantic UI

- Build layouts and components from Semantic UI (Fomantic) classes first. Reach for custom CSS only when no combination of existing classes works.
- Never use inline styles (`style="..."` attributes) or `<style>` blocks in templates. The one exception is Font Awesome duotone icon variables (`--fa-*`).

> - When custom CSS is unavoidable, add it to `src/css/site.less` under the "Site overrides" section, and run `npm run build-assets` to recompile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When custom CSS is unavoidable, add it to the relevent module overrides file in `src/sui/`, never add these rules to `src/css/site.less` directly. Run `npm run build-assets` to recompile.
```
